a reminder: we are working on C:\Users\Chris\Documents\_DevProjects\ai-workflow-spc

desired functionality:

I want this application to work similar to make.com, with resable components that can be connected together to perform workflows

four sections to the app:
1. asset repo to store images to start, other objects later (done)
2. workflow run screen (done)
3. A qc "queue" for items awaiting human QC (done)
4. a workflow builder with an interface similar to make.com.

two modules in the workflow builder to start: 
1. An image generation module that uses an ai image generating api to produce an image from a prompt.  user enters prompt when module added to workflow and can edit.  images generated added to repo in "unchecked" state
2. A Pass/Fail QC Module for human qc.  On pass keeps image in asset repo and moves onto next step (if no more steps end workflow), on fail image deleted from repo.  

idea for workflow builder:
1. build the workflow from top to bottom with each "task" numbered, and each qc step referencing the task # that executes.  think about how old school basic programs used to work with line numbers and goto statements, except this will be a graphical drag drop to add modules to the workflow.  each module should have an editable form that allows you to enter details for the current instance: parameter, # images generated, whatever else you think we need.  Each module that requires an API key should have that as a parameter.  we'll use "byok" instead of trying to create and manager our own credit system.

example:
0. Start
1. Generate Image
 - parameter, other details shown.
2. pass/fail qc	
 - on pass: save asset and continue
 - on fail: go to 1
3. end workflow

For my test workflow I want to be able to build in the workflow builder:
image --> qc or just image (no qc, goes straight to repo in "unchecked" state

don't worry about the spc stuff for now, we'll add that into the qc module later.

best practices:
1. never run anything in localhost as my pc is garbage.  always deploy to fly.io.
2. wait until i tell you to deploy.  deployment is slow, so i will want to work on a few things before we deploy.
3. update lessons_learned.md "on the fly" while you are working with new lessons as you learn them.  this will help us to improve our work across sessions.

documentation (read to better understand the work we are doing):
lessons_learned.md
current_sprint.md (our current sprint tasks)
https://docs.akool.com/ai-tools-suite/image-generate